HTML: remove early return in SVG processing (#12425)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: CHANGES.rst

* #11961: Omit anchor references from document title entries in the search index,
  removing duplication of search results.
  Patch by James Addison.

> * #12425: Remove early return in SVG processing for HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #12425: Use Docutils' SVG processing in the HTML builder and remove internal workaround.
```

> * #12425: Use Docutils' SVG processing in the HTML builder and remove internal workaround.
>   Patch by Tunç Başar Köse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #12425: Use Docutils' SVG processing in the HTML builder
  and remove Sphinx's custom logic.
  Patch by Tunç Başar Köse.
```
